President Trump had a a very difficult
day today he he had a meeting with
Democrats at the White House he lashed
out at Nancy Pelosi he called her a
third-rate politician he called them
communists and he had what Nancy Pelosi
described as a meltdown which is it even
really a meltdown anymore and Trump
didn't have a meltdown he had a
Wednesday there's nothing left about the
White House claims Trump was measured
factual and decisive not hysterical so
now I don't know who to believe but this
clip seems to suggest he might not be
telling the truth the best way to
pressure him is a strong bipartisan
resolution such as passed the House to
undo the damage he has done the
president was a meltdown so the
president doesn't like this idea that
people know he had a meltdown so he
tweeted a photo from the meeting and
that's what he tweeted with the caption
nervous Nancy's unhinged meltdown is
either yelling at each other he really
should be writing headlines for The
Enquirer instead of running the country
Pelosi the Democrats walk out of the
meeting which is supposed to be about
Syria Trump is upset because the House
today voted in a bipartisan and
overwhelming way to condemn his decision
to pull our troops out of Syria leaving
the Kurds to fend for themselves in a
hopeless situation Trump now is stuck
because basically he gave the president
of Turkey a green light to kill these
people we promise to protect and even
his fellow Republicans are furious some
are publicly demanding he reversed the
decision but he can't because that would
be admitting he was wrong which he
doesn't do so today he tried to do
damage control the White House released
the letter this is a letter written by
Trump to his strong man buddy president
Erlin and I'm not sure what this was
supposed to prove other than he's crazy
but this is a real letter from the
president United States we did not alter
this in any way Trump writes dear mr.
president let's work out a good deal is
it as if he's running a Honda dealership
there's only
you don't want to be responsible for
slaughtering thousands of people and I
don't want to be responsible for
destroying the Turkish economy and I
will and then he goes on for a while and
the big finish's history will look upon
you favorably if you get this done the
right inhumane way it will look upon you
forever as the devil if good things
don't happen don't be a tough guy don't
be a fool I'll call you later
[Music]
[Applause]
on October 9th
Colonel on immediately sent his tanks
across the border so it was insane and
ineffective which is the art of the deal
and you know it's funny because on this
very day October 16 57 years ago the
Cuban Missile Crisis started and this
letter from Trump is eerily similar to a
letter JFK sand Khrushchev when we found
out the Soviets we're putting nukes in
Cuba well he wrote at that time dear
premier Khrushchev don't be it okay this
is a side of Cuba everybody will say yay
Khrushchev you're the best but if you
don't everybody will be like what an
a-hole and call your garbage country the
Soviet Bunyon you're really busting my
nuts here give you a jingle later hugs
Johnson choked on its own I don't
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings